Now that we have learned some Terry about the many to many relationship let's create something inside
our application and we'll only use the knowledge that you already have.
So we will create a new component to display the least of tags will displayed out on both the blog post
least on on the and on the individual blog post The View.
So let's go ahead and create a new component inside the components folder of the views folder let's
call it tags blade BHP.
Now this would be surrounded with a paragraph.
So let's add this paragraph tag and we will simply iterate over all the past tags.
So this is a separate slot.
Close it with and for each.
And inside it will display a link.
Now this would this won't lead to any place but in the next lecture will make it so that clicking on
a particular tag will actually display a list of blog posts associated with particular tag.
Now let's add some bootstrap classes we'll use that batch classes to display a tag closed their anchor
and inside it will echo the tag name.
OK.
Now we'll have to go to the service provider.
We can even copy this line to make it quicker for us and the new component name would be tags so we
can apply I said to make it easier for us to use this component.
OK.
We have the component created.
So now let's go to the index page.
We might display those stacks here below the updated date.
So the component is called tags.
Now we have to provide a value for the slot.
That's the only way we can do that are to pass an object.
Because this would actually be post docs here who can immediately close this directive.
So this is how we can display a list of tasks.
Now just copy that and inside the show blade BHP which is responsible for rendering our particular blog
post will add the same component.
Now to see any tags you should already have some tags associated.
And we did that in previous lectures.
So currently we have free tax created.
But two of them are associated with blog posts with either one.
So after we refresh this page we should see two tags associated and we do.
So you see that here this is with the associated to the blog post with I.D. one might be different depending
what you did in the last lectures.
Now also if we'll go to this blog post the view we can also see the same tags.
So the problem with that is that the font seems to be a little bit small.
So we can increase the font by opening the up SPSS and creating a new new class.
So let's call it batch algae like large and specify the font size to be 1 0.
So by default the batch classes make font a little bit smaller.
So if we'll use this class this would make those tags visible.
Now we'll add this class inside component
but before we see changes we need to run NPM around def to rebuild our style file using larval makes
OK.
It is being rebuilt now refresh the page and the tax should be much bigger.
Also the same effect should be visible on the main page and those are linked.
So in the next lecture we will implement it the way that when you press a particular tag you can only
see blogs that are related to this tag.
Now if you would like to use a different style for the tax you can check out this documentation page
for bootstrap where you have different styles specified so you can use any of those classes that you
wish.
Also we have to handle one more thing now that we have our larval debug bar.
We can see how many queries are made.
So you can see the problem that I've mentioned before that if you access some relation of an object
inside the view then it produces a crazy amount of queries because it has to query for the tags relation
each time you access that.
So we can do lazy loading or eager loading and in such cases it's much better to go with eager loading.
So we'll have to modify how the queries are made inside the post.
Controller
so here we fetch all the blog posts with comments and with user
so let's modify it a little bit so we'll also fetch it with tags so we can also do that for the relation
which is many to many and since we are also fetching our blog posts here we should also add it with
tax.
And additionally we can also fetch it along with the user because we showed the user data also inside
an individual blog post view.
So save the changes refresh the page and it should reduce the amount of queries made significantly so
we can see only free queries are made.